fix(textarea, textbox): improve character count accessibility and align with design system (#6231)
Sage/carbon: src/components/textbox/textbox.stories.mdx

### Character counter

If you use the `inputHint` prop to provide the user with a hint before the input, please use a full stop `.` at the end,

> as it forces a pause before any other announcements, this well help screan reader users understand the hint fully.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: similar to @DipperTheDan's comment :)

```suggestion
as it forces a pause before any other announcements, this well help screen reader users understand the hint fully.
```

<TranslationKeysTable
  translationData={[
    {

>       name: "characterCount.tooManyCharacters",
>       description:
>         "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
>         +" users if they have excedded the set `characterLimit` and how much by." 
>         +" This will also be announced to screenreaders.",
>       type: "func",
>       returnType: "string",
>     },
>         {
>       name: "characterCount.charactersLeft",
>       description:
>         "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
>         +" users how many characters they have before they reach  or exceed the"
>         +" set `characterLimit`. This will also be announced to screenreaders.",      
>         type: "func",
>       returnType: "string",
>     },
>         {
>       name: "characterCount.visuallyHiddenHint",
>       description:
>         "The message which will be read out to screen reader users, informing them"
>         +" of the set `characterLimit`.",
>       type: "func",
>       returnType: "string",
>     },
>   ]}
> />

Reviewer: **suggestion**

```suggestion
      name: "characterCount.tooManyCharacters",
      description:
        "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
        +" users if they have exceeded the set `characterLimit` and how much by." 
        +" This will also be announced to screen readers.",
      type: "func",
      returnType: "string",
    },
        {
      name: "characterCount.charactersLeft",
      description:
        "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
        +" users how many characters they have before they reach  or exceed the"
        +" set `characterLimit`. This will also be announced to screen readers.",      
        type: "func",
      returnType: "string",
    },
        {
      name: "characterCount.visuallyHiddenHint",
      description:
        "The message which will be read out to screen reader users, informing them"
        +" of the set `characterLimit`.",
      type: "func",
      returnType: "string",
    },
  ]}
/>
```
